[u'test post please ignore',
 u'I hate my job...',
 u'This is called humanity.',
 u'Obama wins the Presidency!',
 u'Fuck Sears: they forced Reddit to remove a post mocking them, presumably under threat of withdrawing advertising. Please upvote, then submit your own "fuck Sears" post to keep the dream alive.',
 u'So long, and thanks for all the postcards',
 u"President Obama's new campaign poster",
 u'The health bill has PASSED!',
 u'Yep, that just about sums it up. [PIC]',
 u'10 year old girl with cancer too sick to see UP. Pixar flies a DVD to her home. She dies 7 hours later.',
 u"Reddit, I don't give a damn about your aunt, uncle, boyfriend, girlfriend, boss or toothless rabies infested dog who reads Reddit. Less personal crap and more articles please.",
 u"I've had a vision and I can't shake it: Colbert needs to hold a satirical rally in DC.",
 u"Supreme Court ruling comes down - Corporations are people with free speech and the protected right to bribe politicians.  Let's not even pretend anymore folks, democracy in America is dead.",
 u"It's like opening your window during Irene, but safer!",
 u'Who else disgusted with California this morning over Prop 8?',
 u"Dear Old People. We don't want to kill you. You're our parents and grandparents and we love you. But if you throw a cranky fit and keep us from getting decent, affordable health care, you can figure out how to work your own goddamn PCs and cable boxes and remote controls from now on.",
 u'Watching someone use a computer',
 u'IAmA 74-time Jeopardy! champion, Ken Jennings.  I will not be answering in the form of a question.',
 u'Cafeteria ninja',
 u'Chat Roulette Piano Improv - Hilarious (no dicks) ',
 u"I'm the only Caucasian in my part of town. I found this note on my windshield today...",
 u'A personal message from Stephen Colbert to the reddit community',
 u'"Your IP, [IP address], has been logged. Your ISP, [Wrong ISP], will be contacted, your contact information subpoenaed, and you may be personally contacted by a DEA agent."',
 u"This is why you shouldn't allow your boss to be your Facebook friend. [pic]",
 u'Please design a logo for me. With pie charts. \nFor free.',
 u'Does anyone else do "The Tuck"?',
 u'When you reach max level...You stop leveling.',
 u'Anthony Graves spent 18 years on death row for a crime he did not commit. The State of Texas owes him $80,000 per year of false incarceration, and has evaded paying him due to a technicality on a form. This egregious injustice MUST be corrected. Reddit, please help me get the word out!',
 u'Say NO to Socialism [PIC]',
 u'Nutjob mistakenly allowed to give TED Talk, he rambles for over four minutes before being carried off the stage.',
 u'American Censorship Day - Stand up for \u2588\u2588\u2588\u2588 \u2588\u2588\u2588\u2588\u2588\u2588\u2588 ',
 u"Reddit, I've been promising this to you for months, and it's finally ready. I hope you like it.",
 u'Is there anyone else out there that wants to see the debates be moderated by Jon Stewart?',
 u'Wikileaks is in danger: "We have airline records of the State Dep/CIA tails. Don\'t think you can get away with it. You cannot. This is WikiLeaks."',
 u"GoDaddy supports SOPA, I'm transferring 51 domains &amp; suggesting a move your domain day",
 u'I am Neil deGrasse Tyson -- AMA',
 u'Michael Jackson has died from a cardiac arrest',
 u'I will follow him to the depths of Hell.',
 u'No you guys, THIS is the funniest fucking Star Wars pic EVER!!',
 u"Payback's a bitch!  The big music companies are being sued for willful copyright infringement of over 300,000 songs going back to the 1980s.  And the plaintiffs are asking for the $20,000/song that the music industry demanded of 'internet pirates'.  Total price tag: $60 Billion :)",
 u'"We are a nation of Christians and Muslims. Jews and Hindus... and non-belivers." Thanks, Obama.',
 u'The guy who yelled "You lie!" during President Obamas speech was Rep. Joe Wilson, Republican of South Carolina. Eight years of George W. Bush and no Democrat EVER disrupted any of his addresses to Congress',
 u"I'm just gonna jog across the street while the light OOOOOHHHHH SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!",
 u'Amazing! Richard Nixon slam dunks a basketball! [pic]',
 u'The Redditor: Issue 1, July 2011',
 u'Stopped they must be; on this all depends.',
 u'1998 - Ren &amp; Stimpy creator John K. responds to a 14 year old fan with an awesome, illustrated letter. A truly fantastic and supportive reply. ',
 u"Attention software developers: Please stop trying to sneak toolbars into your installer packages. We don't want them.",
 u'The guiltiest dog in existence',
 u'Quantum Levitation',
 u'I dont know about you, but my first time without a condom went a little something like this...',
 u'Bill Gates pledges $10,000,000,000 over 10 years for vaccines. Expects to save over 8,000,000 children under the age of 5 from an early death.',
 u'Upvoting everything just to see the new pineapples :D',
 u"I received a scam 'Paypal Verification' email this morning.  After a little backtracing I was surprised to find the ftp password to be 'password'.  I made some alterations.",
 u"America, we need a third party that can galvanize our generation. One that doesn't reek of pansy. I propose a U.S. Pirate Party.",
 u"Fuck off America, do what you want with your own health care. Just don't slag off ours. The NHS is an excellent system, an institution and has never done any wrong to any one i know. (down vote as much you like)",
 u'Time to get classy',
 u'I stood here for a while this morning; nothing happened. :/',
 u'Ricky Gervais has an idea that would not only make the Golden Globes watchable, it would make it the best show of the year',
 u"We, the People of the United States of America, reject the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling in Citizens United, and move to amend our Constitution to firmly establish that money is not speech, and that human beings, not corporations, are persons entitled to constitutional rights.",
 u'Dutch answer to O\'Reilly\'s "Amsterdam is a cesspool" claim.',
 u'Trolling the american date system',
 u'Petition to Google: Please put information about SOPA on your main page, the homepage of millions upon millions of Americans, to inform the average web user about what may happen to their internet on December 21',
 u'SOPA is back, it has NOT been shelved and its markup is expected to continue next month.',
 u'Then and Now (pic)',
 u'Morgan Freeman chain of command [pic]',
 u'Why I believe printers are the spawn of Hell (PICS)',
 u"Then, there's Denny [Pic]",
 u'Redditer draws supreme picture to a Digg fan.',
 u'Genius',
 u'Optical illusion [pic]',
 u'Help me make a map of reddit. Click this link to have your IP automatically charted to a world map.',
 u'How I got an uncooperative eBay buyer to pay for her purchase. Was it unethical?',
 u'Hurt me good r/atheism, $.50 to Doctors Without Borders for every upvote.',
 u'A technical examination of SOPA and PROTECT IP',
 u'Did you mean recursion?',
 u'So I was looking in the mirror when I noticed...',
 u'Feds shut down Megaupload',
 u'Musician witnesses United Airlines baggage handlers throwing his guitar. Guitar is wrecked. United won\'t help. Singer writes a song and makes a video "United Breaks Guitars."',
 u'YouTube Mutes RickRoll',
 u'10 years from now I am a scientist working at the Large Hadron Collider.',
 u"Apparently, VLC is currently celebrating it's tenth birthday. Let's acknowledge the team for creating a badass media player.",
 u'After 5 years of surfing reddit, these are my favorite discoveries...',
 u'New approach to China',
 u'WIKILEAKS VIDEO OUT. "classified US military video depicting the indiscriminate slaying of over a dozen people in the Iraqi suburb of New Baghdad -- including two Reuters news staff." US Intelligence covered-up the murders and tried to stop this video!',
 u'Vegan?',
 u'1998: Lucas sent this to Cameron, when Titanic dethroned Star Wars at the box-office',
 u'Andy Levy is very sorry',
 u'How to report the News',
 u'GoDaddy has NOT withdrawn its official congressional support for SOPA',
 u'\u201cI don\u2019t love you anymore. I\u2019m not sure I ever did.\u201d Once I recovered and composed myself, I managed to say, \u201cI don\u2019t buy it.\u201d',
 u'It is a shame we will probably never see this:',
 u'AT&amp;T is now blocking all access to img.4chan.org, effectively blacklisting /b/ and censoring the internet.',
 u'For fellow ents who are having trouble remembering what the old pineapples looked like.',
 u'Radiation Chart',
 u'14 out of 14 people found this review helpful (PIC)',
 u'Heat Wave? Bitch, please...',
 u'Wowzer, Rep Grayson (D) said yesterday that the Republican health care plan is for you not to get sick and if you do die quickly. Repubs demand apology, so he goes on the floor and says I apologize to the 47,000 people who are dead because of the lack of health care. Boom!',
 u'Barney Frank Confronts Woman At Townhall Comparing Obama To Hitler- "Trying to have a conversation with you would be like arguing with a dining room table."',
 u'outsmarting a child the old fashioned way',
 u'Would you support Marijuana legalization if it were taxed and distributed in a way similar to alcohol?',
 u"The Times They Are A-Changin'",
 u'Vote up if your an American or Russian who holds no ill will to your international counterpart and wish your governments would chill the fuck out.',
 u'Fuck wasps',
 u"Listen to Obama call Kanye a Jackass, it'll make you smile.",
 u' I made an Obama poster and wanted to share it with you reddit',
 u'As a teacher, not many chances to be a badass, but I got that chance today. Also, first rage comic',
 u'The final picture of my cousin Gary - taken on September 11, 2001.',
 u'Truer than any terrorism warning the UK police have ever issued [pic]',
 u'North Korea Leader Kim-Jong Il has died',
 u'My dog Midas and myself after a decade together',
 u"UPDATE: In less than eight hours, the ColbertRally movement has completely obliterated Hillary Clinton's record *and* the charity's tallying server",
 u'PIPA support collapses, with 13 new Senators opposed\n',
 u'Wikileaks video just got released.  It\'s titled "Collateral Murder" and it is an unedited gun-cam video that Wikileaks decrypted.  It will probably get taken down so watch it while you can.',
 u'19 boy owns the courtroom while defending gay couples',
 u'Dear entire mainstream media: Please stop referring to reddit as "small".  The team may be small; the site is anything but. ',
 u'Huge explosion in downtown Oslo',
 u'Holy crap, I never realized I was peeling a banana wrong my entire life [Vid]',
 u"Girl rats out her sister, sister posts girl's 'hook-up' list to facebook while tagging all those on the list",
 u'A bizarre underwater "icicle of death" has been filmed by a BBC crew.',
 u'\u2620 Google: [\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591]  \u25c9 Torrent Search  O Web Search',
 u"Anyone else go to start reading an article you're mildly interested in, look at the bottom and see (Page 1 of 6) and just give up?",
 u'Life of a Whale Biologist',
 u'GoDaddy\'s Response to the Boycott: "Go Daddy has received some emails that appear to stem from the boycott prompt, but we have not seen any impact to our business." Reddit, Lets make them feel the impact and move your domains! Spread the word! \n\n',
 u'The MPAA is rushing through a bill to create an US Internet blacklist. ISPs would be required to block domains that host too much copyright or trademark infringement. The bill is so careless and vague even YouTube could get banned.',
 u'Web browsers should have an "allow this page to produce audio?" feature like the "remember password?" prompts that FireFox and Chrome have, because 99% of the time, I don\'t want to hear anything from a website.',
 u"You've just been drafted.",
 u'My grandmother called the city of Miami to report a drainage problem in front of her house.  The city worker told her "Put it on the Internet otherwise nobody will do anything".  She\'s 90.',
 u'Christopher Hitchens has died. 1949-2011',
 u'Mandatory Government controlled filtering coming to Australia in 2010.  Australia will join countries such as Syria, China and Iran in controlling what is seen on the Internet. Vote this up and help petition against this absurdity.',
 u'Homeless man w/golden radio voice in Columbus, OH [VIDEO]',
 u'Family law judge beats own daughter for using the internet, please spread',
 u'Online Journalism A Few Years Ago vs. Today [PIC]',
 u"Bush's records to be made public!  Obama overturns secrecy on former president's records!",
 u'We need an uproar on Eric Cantor\'s actions! He indefinitely postponed the majority-supported "Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge (STOCK) Act".',
 u'Dear Mr. Haberny... Sincerely, Cash4Gold',
 u"Wikipedia.org is with GoDaddy - Jimmy if you're listening please transfer wikimedia domains away from GoDaddy to show you're serious about opposing SOPA",
 u'Scientists claim to have broken the absolute speed barrier - particles travelling faster than the speed of light.',
 u'Teen girl sends topless pic to boyfriend. Classmates see it, bully her. School finds out about it, suspends her. Parents find out about it, ground her for a summer. Girl kills self. Media blames dangers of "sexting," not vicious shaming from classmates, school, and parents.',
 u'Help me fix my last picture of mom',
 u'This is probably the funniest low-budget commercial I have ever seen.',
 u"reddit 101, or: click this if you're new around here! [updated]",
 u"Why the hell didn't I ever think of this",
 u'All Sweeteners Are Not Created Equal: Rats Consuming High Fructose Corn Syrup Gain Significantly More Weight Than Rats Consuming Sugar, Even When Caloric Intake is Equal',
 u'Fuck.',
 u"It sounds obvious, but; GoDaddy's SOPA flip-flop is a PR stunt to try to stop losing money. They haven't changed, keep boycotting, please!",
 u'The depths of the ocean to scale.',
 u'How many of you have ever chatted online with someone who was sitting in the same room as you?',
 u'This random redditor just made my whole year!',
 u'Grover (from Sesame Street) spoofs the Old Spice Guy',
 u'Dennis Ritchie, Creator of UNIX and C, Dead at 70',
 u'This is a news website article about a scientific finding',
 u'Obama signs order to shut Guantanamo Bay',
 u'Forget real-time polling, and "audience reactions" during debates. Give us real-time fact checking. That\'s what we really want.',
 u'After too long a wait, the Reddit vs. Digg war finally continues, and holy fuck, is it awesome! [comic]',
 u'The Pirate Bay Found Guilty!',
 u'Reddit Founder Alexis Ohanian on CNBC: "Why is it that when Republicans and Democrats need to solve the budget and the deficit, there\'s deadlock, but when Hollywood lobbyists pay them $94 million dollars to write legislation, people from both sides of the aisle line up to co-sponsor it?"',
 u'I was not expecting that...',
 u'Quick, take the shot before -- (sigh) damnit.',
 u'"Home taping is killing record industry profits!" [pic]',
 u'Vigilante self-sacrifice + bicycles = comedy gold',
 u'Washington Post: "Phelps may be an involuntary hero to this charge (marijuana decriminalization), but his name and face bring necessary attention to a farce in which nearly half the nation are actors. It\'s time to recognize that all drugs are not equal -- and change the laws accordingly"',
 u'Has Reddit been taken over by children or diggers now? Long and interesting articles get downvoted instantly and buried without time for any human to have read any of it while immature crap of all sorts makes instant first page?',
 u'For every 500 upvotes this submission gets, I will remove a moderator from /r/circlejerk.',
 u"Reddit, I took my dog to a groomer earlier and I'm not sure if I got the right one back",
 u'So my little cousin posted on FB that he was bored and gave everyone his new phone number... (pic)',
 u"2000 free vids teaching everything from deductive reasoning to photosynthesis to how banks work! [Only 222 upvotes, a YEAR AGO?  \xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0o.\xf5 \xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Cmon Reddit, let's try this again.  Your child in public school wants this URL.]",
 u'Hitler finally loses his patience with reddit memes',
 u'Finally... a way to carry my iPad around while drinking a coffee and not look like a douche [pic]',
 u'Alan Grayson introduces the "Business Should Mind Its Own Business" Act, which would add a 500% excise tax on corporate political contributions',
 u'Wikipedia to join the Wednesday January 18 SOPA/PIPA blackout!',
 u'My grandpa asked for some videogames for his birthday a few months ago.  He e-mailed this to me today.',
 u'AMAZING FEATURE: if you upvote this, the ghost will be shaped like Natalie Portmans` ASS! (gif)',
 u"Best picture of a dog getting hit in the crotch with a tennis ball you will see all day.  Yup that's my dog.",
 u'How do you play soccer if you live on a floating village?',
 u'Reddit: PBS loves you back!',
 u'Perfect.',
 u'Dear reddit admins: Thank you for all the work you put into the site. We appreciate it. :)',
 u'SOPA blackouts lead to at least 10 senators withdrawing support!',
 u'Every time I run out of ink, I just buy a new printer.',
 u"Hi I'm Louis C.K. and this is a thing",
 u'New Rule: Use your phone! or something.',
 u'Anybody else waiting for the old generation to die so that we can legalize filesharing, marijuana, gay marriage, etc. and then get on with our lives?',
 u"Watch Rick Perry's Campaign End Before Your Eyes",
 u'Did Glenn Beck murder a young girl in 1990?',
 u'A picture I took yesterday in Tahrir Square, Cairo, at 11 PM.',
 u'Could I destroy the entire Roman Empire during the reign of Augustus if I traveled back in time with a modern U.S. Marine infantry battalion or MEU? ',
 u'Dude makes 1:1 scale of the Star Trek Enterprise in Minecraft',
 u'From left to right: Han Solo, Darth Vader, Chewbacca, Leia, Luke Skywalker and R2D2',
 u'This is what I do when I get bored.',
 u'Dear Reddit: Your search sucks, so I did something about it. Your feedback is welcome.',
 u"One CAT scan and a 2 hour ER visit = $10,254. If you don't support health care reform, fuck you. ",
 u"I've been waiting years for this typo to appear.",
 u'I feel like this gets more true every day',
 u'To all Occupy Wall Street participants, here is the key to your victory... (for serious)',
 u'WikiLeaks - Video showing murder of Iraqi civilians and two Reuters journalists will be released at 16:00 UTC latest.',
 u'New Bill: \'One Subject at a Time - Purpose: "To end the practice of including more than one subject in a single bill by requiring that each bill enacted by Congress be limited to only one subject"',
 u"Hey Reddit. My friend works for a company that is being paid by GOP Allies to post and upvote stories like this so that you'll be disillusioned and won't support the Dems. Just thought you should have all facts. (Please note that I'll probably be downvoted heavily by this and other companies.)",
 u'When a pregnant woman suffers organ damage (such as a heart attack), the fetus sends stem cells to the damaged organ to help repair it.',
 u'Fuck you Apple. It was totally OK when you dissed Microsoft Windows in your ads...',
 u'Dear reddit, I give you the male/female reproductive systems I drew on my bio final jr year in H.S.',
 u'Warren Buffet in NYT op-ed: "We mega-rich should not continue to get extraordinary tax breaks while most Americans struggle to make ends meet." "My friends and I have been coddled long enough by a billionaire-friendly Congress. It\'s time for our government to get serious about shared sacrifice."',
 u'NYPD gives guy a ticket for riding his bike on the sidewalk, dude walks by and cracks a joke.  Watch what happens. ',
 u'I was stopped by Homeland Security at JFK Airport upon returning from a vacation to Syria. What I saw in the hours that followed shocked and disturbed me',
 u'I work in News. This is how you stop SOPA.',
 u"I almost killed my family this morning making pancakes.  I think it's time Walmart put some variety in their labels.",
 u'So my wife came up to me and said, "Take off my shirt." ',
 u"Who thinks A-Rod's Steroid use is 1000 times worse than Phelp's bong?",
 u"James' face",
 u"If you watch the movie `Jaws' backwards, it's a movie about a shark that keeps throwing up people until they have to open a beach.",
 u'Jimmy Wales: I am proud to announce that the Wikipedia domain names will move away from GoDaddy. Their position on #sopa is unacceptable to us.',
 u'How I got banned on reddit and beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep.',
 u'Reddit Birthday here.  I have no pets, no girlfriend to make me junk, and no clever hobbies.  So I submit this link of pictures of me in movies.  ',
 u'Scott Olsen, two-tour veteran of the Iraq war, who was hit in the head by a tear-gas canister, has a fractured skull, brain swelling and is in critical condition',
 u'Well, that sums up Youtube',
 u'REDDIT!  Jon Stewart needs your support!',
 u'Math Teacher Fail.',
 u'Dear Reddit: I think you owe Australia props',
 u'Vote up if you know how many houses you own',
 u'When millions of Americans protested the Iraq war, the media ignored it.  70,000 lunatics protest healthcare, they got hours of commentary.  When a couple went to a Bush rally wearing anti-Bush t-shirts, they got arrested.  Guys at Obama rallies openly carry guns and get interviews.',
 u'Officer with a well known history of violence body slams an innocent man head first into a wall, turning him into a brain damaged vegetable. Goes unpunished.',
 u'MUBARAK STEPS DOWN\n',
 u'Making ends meet (TLDR: Remember that joke about reddit gold? Well...)\n',
 u'Stephen Colbert just announced he will be holding a Republican Presidential Debate, moderated by him! ',
 u'Looks like a normal spoon, right?',
 u'Helping Haiti (because we ought to do more than just change our logo)',
 u'Please help me expose this newest PayPal fraud: This is for my protection?? Really Paypal? No wait, FUCK YOU PAYPAL.',
 u'"The idea that I can be presented with a problem, set out to logically solve it with the tools at hand, and wind up with a program that could not be legally used because someone else followed the same logical steps some years ago and filed for a patent on it is horrifying." John Carmack',
 u'America, your president has class.',
 u'new search',
 u'"The woman at my polling place asked me do I believe in equality for gay and lesbian people. I was pretty suprised to be asked a question like that. It made no sense to me. Finally I asked her: what do you think I fought for in Omaha Beach?"',
 u'The only good thing to come out of Twitterland so far...',
 u'Netherlands makes net neutrality a law',
 u"8 mo old deaf baby's reaction to cochlear implant being activated, priceless [vid]",
 u"Conan is out, won't do show following Leno",
 u'Europe is considering a sweeping new law that would force Internet companies like Amazon.com and Facebook to obtain explicit consent from consumers about the use of their personal data, delete that data forever at the consumer\u2019s request and face fines for failing to comply.',
 u"Hey it's Masuka.  I'm new to Reddit and love it!  AMA (not sure if i'm doing this right)",
 u'Warren Buffett: "I could end the deficit in 5 minutes. Just pass a law that makes congress ineligible for reelection if the deficit is greater than 3% of the GDP"',
 u"10-year-old boy won't recite the Pledge of Allegiance, says he can't because he doesn't believe there really IS liberty and justice for all.  School calls parents, parents stand behind their son's choice.",
 u"I'm Bruce Campbell: AMA",
 u"Australia: 'Wikileaks cables revealed US Embassy sanctioned a conspiracy by Hollywood studios to target Australian comm company iiNet through the local court-system... aiming to establish a common-law precedent which would make ISPs responsible for the unauthorised file-sharing of their customers.'",
 u'The coolest soda pop shop you will ever see.',
 u'Motorcyclist wins taping case against Maryland State Police: "A police officer on a traffic stop has no expectation of privacy."',
 u'Owl in flight',
 u'How do I know China wrecked the Copenhagen deal? I was in the room.',
 u"Supreme Court unanimously rules that police can't put GPS monitors on cars without a warrant ",
 u'Reddit, I just wanted to share these pictures of myself from today and 9 months ago.  They blew my mind.',
 u'I got banned from a website for distorting time with my mouse. [Pic]',
 u'Sick of not being able to read the full text of important scientific articles?  Support Science Commons.',
 u"If SOPA existed, Steve &amp; I never could've started reddit. Please help us win.",
 u"Obama destroys Trump at the Correspondents' Dinner",
 u'Just A Drop Of Water In Front Of A Map',
 u'Cameras attached to birds: peregrine falcon (150mph dives, 10g turns); goshawk leaks through entangled forest at high speeds.',
 u"The movement to re-restore our nation's honor is picking up steam. ",
 u'Medical advances.',
 u'Bailout does NOT pass vote. 206 Yea - 227 Nay. Dow tumbles.',
 u"Reddit, what's a little-known site you think everyone should know about?",
 u"Know your voting rights: STAY IN THE LINE! If you're in line when the polls close, they have to let you vote.",
 u'BUSTED! Secret app on millions of phones logs key taps',
 u'His Face all red',
 u'Journalists Arrested At Hearing By Order Of House Republicans  -- In a stunning break with First Amendment policy, House Republicans directed Capitol Hill police to detain a highly regarded documentary crew attempting to film a Wednesday hearing on a controversial natural gas procurement practice. ',
 u'Breaking! Colbert Rally is confirmed for October 30, 2010. Just announced by Jon Stewart!',
 u'I sent a letter to Al Franken asking his position on net neutrality. This was his reply.',
 u'Jon Stewart on GOP hypocrisy over the VP issue',
 u'Woke up to this...',
 u'Some old photos that you guys might find interesting.',
 u'If XBOX wants to put advertisements on their dashboard, then users should not have to pay for XBOX Live.',
 u'TIL that in 1916 an amendment was proposed to the  Constitution that all acts of war would be put to a national vote. Anyone voting yes had to register as a volunteer for service in the United States Army.',
 u'I should be there in 15 minutes...no wait...',
 u'Under SOPA, you could get 5 years for uploading a Michael Jackson song, one year more than the doctor who killed him.',
 u'Epic dog. It was his birthday. ',
 u'9 months ago, reddit user aeon2012 made us a promise: "I will personally lick my own poop if Obama becomes president. Mark my words!"',
 u"Lamar Smith, the scumbag behind SOPA, is up for re-election this year. Let's make sure his opponent wins!",
 u"Neil deGrasse Tyson will host a 13-episode sequel to Carl Sagan's Cosmos in 2013. In an unprecedented move, it'll be broadcast in prime-time on FOX.",
 u'Giving Blood Squirt',
 u'Louis C.K. is cutting out the middleman and selling his Beacon Theatre performance for 5 dollars with an instant download. He also wrote a little blurb about torrenting, and it really got me.',
 u"It's ridiculous how much this guy sounds like Freddie",
 u'Alan Grayson took to the floor of the House last night and started naming the number of people who have died in each Republican district who have no health insureance. Repugs freak out and get the House to adjourn in attempt to strike the record. Fucking cowards.',
 u'FCC commissioner resigning to become VP at Comcast-NBC just four months after approving merger',
 u'Imgur.com is with GoDaddy - Alan Schaaf, the founder of Imgur is a Redditor (MrGrim), can we convince him to transfer his domains?\n',
 u'My friends are dumbasses, but I rule',
 u"I've honestly never come across a dumber human being.  ",
 u'I don\'t particularly care for Sony, but their new "Long Live Play" video game ad is...something else',
 u"You know what? Fuck Chuck Norris. I don't care if it's his birthday, the dude is an asshole. ",
 u'CSI: Modern computer technology at its best.',
 u'Can we all agree, that this is NOT an accident? Fuck you, Fox News. [pic]',
 u'Christians protecting Muslims while they pray during protests in Egypt.',
 u"My friend made this spot that was rejected by Doritos. I think it's hilarious, what do you think reddit?",
 u'Karl Rove Was Indicted In 2006, Fails to appear, now skips country, and still there is no public outcry! WTF is wrong With Americans? Vote Up If You Wnat Him Arrested!',
 u'I never thought any of my friends would do something this stupid.',
 u'Very Good Description of Schizophrenia [Comic]',
 u'REDDIT - Kathleen, the little girl who was being harassed by her neighbors, has a special message for you.',
 u'USBank charged me a $5 "dormant account" fee. This caused me to overdraft and I had no idea until the collection company called me about a $478.55 Bill. I need some bad publicity for USBank, Reddit!\n',
 u'Dear 16-year-old me',
 u'In 1980, sixteen men were rescued after an hour and a half in the north sea.  When then were given a hot drink on the rescue ship, they dropped dead, all sixteen of them.  Cool article on Hypothermia ',
 u'Meet Omari. Two days ago he returned from the hospital after being hacked in the face by a machete defending an orphanage of 35 children by himself. Think we could raise the $2,000 needed for the remainder of the cement/barbed wire wall to keep both him and the children safe?',
 u'Doctor has heart attack while performing brain surgery, powers through it after realizing his patient would never recover if he stopped.',
 u'dog',
 u"Pls stop using TinyURL for posts - Reddit doesn't care how small a URL is, and we should know where that link goes.",
 u'Pepsi Logo: a response',
 u'News of the World phone hacking whistleblower found dead',
 u'Suggestion for tweaking reddit interface [PIC]',
 u"Reddit's SOPA Blackout Admirable, but Google and Facebook Must Follow",
 u'15 Things Worth Knowing About Coffee (PIC)',
 u"Kill SOPA, save America's Internet and American jobs: ACT NOW, bill goes to the House TOMORROW",
 u"Congrats to Prufrock451! His story 'Rome Sweet Rome,' which started as a comment on askreddit, is being turned into a movie by Warner Bros!",
 u'NYT reporter sneaks in on JP Morgan call, hears executive admit that bailout money will be used to pick off other banks, not increase lending as promised',
 u'These 61 Senators are refusing to meet with their constituents before the critical Jan 24 vote on PIPA/SOPA. \xa0Oh Reddit, can you call them?',
 u'AG Eric Holder urges Americans to fink on their neighbors and report IP offenses like...downloading music and movies illegally: "Not a single prosecution against Wall Street for the collapse of 2008 but he wants people to give a damn about IP violations for Hollywood and the recording industry?" ',
 u'Microsoft Poland - spot the difference',
 u'Rational Argument Man',
 u"Being mormon, I can't look at porn or nudity. So I have to get creative.",
 u'Adventures in Condom Buying',
 u'Fucking Creeper.',
 u'Try selecting the colour black for this shirt.',
 u'Ahhh science, you make me happy :)',
 u'Today is the day that people around the world commemorate the anniversary of the Armenian Genocide of 1915 that claimed over a million lives. Turkey refuses to recognize it as a genocide. Please vote this up so more people will know the history.',
 u'Guy travels the world and shoots 1 second of footage in each location, awesomeness ensues.',
 u'Steve Jobs, Apple CEO, has died.',
 u'Wow. Thanks Chad. ',
 u'Thank you, reddit. Thank you, internet.',
 u'Independence',
 u'ACLU statement: "President Obama\'s action today is a blight on his legacy because he will forever be known as the president who signed indefinite detention without charge or trial into law."',
 u'Please fuck off trying to tell reddit what to post/not post! See those little arrows on the left? Use them! ',
 u"Best Idea for a SuperHero movie that I've ever seen.",
 u'A local restaurant paid me $100 dollars to make a commercial.  The entire budget went into the robot costume.  Here it is',
 u'I am Bear Grylls. Ask me Anything.',
 u'Emotional Scars',
 u'Did he just play a trance song on guitar?',
 u'Democratic congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and 5 others shot in Arizona.',
 u'Life Hacks Collection Part 1',
 u'Speed dating done right!',
 u'And so the Wadsworth Constant was born.',
 u'3 Invisible Dicks',
 u"How to eat a chicken wing.  WTF, why didn't anyone teach me this years ago?",
 u'My Halloween Costume [Or how to have a sense of humor when you were born with one hand]',
 u'If I had one hour to live...',
 u'George Carlin has died.',
 u'Wikileaks reveals video showing purpoted murder of 12 civilians in Baghdad 07/12/07',
 u'Jon Stewart parodied Glenn Beck for over 8 minutes on last nights show',
 u'Boehner\u2019s office cuts off C-SPAN cameras as GOP takes beating: A strange thing happened Wednesday morning on Capitol Hill.',
 u'Google, Amazon, Facebook and Twitter consider blacking out their sites in protest of SOPA',
 u'Look who is going to Haiti to aid today ... nice effing job reddit!  More than 77k donated already!',
 u"Why the hell can't cell phones and digital cameras all just use one universal mini-USB charger?!?",
 u"Now that mother's day is over, let's talk about what we got our moms.",
 u'SOPA was just shelved! Now to defeat PIPA',
 u'In 1938, Tolkien was preparing to release The Hobbit in Germany.  The publishers first wanted to know if he was of Aryan descent.  This was his response.',
 u'For all you Redditors going to work tomorrow, I coded this for you!',
 u'"I have read your website and it is obviously that your a foggot."',
 u'Better than any Super Bowl ad. Old Spice: The Man Your Man Could Smell Like. ',
 u'It appears that the Department of Justice won\'t be investigating Scott Olsen\'s police brutality claim - "When Egypt teargassed and beat protestors in Tahrir Square, the world, including the Obama administration, howled in outrage."',
 u'Ben Folds does his Ode to Merton (ChatRoulette Improv guy)',
 u'Missed the link in the reddit sidebar? Click here to sign the petition and join redditors in fighting back against SOPA!',
 u"The Onion: Black Man Given Nation's Worst Job",
 u'Dear World, The Chinese government stole intellectual property from us and others. The censorship is crazy over there and we are seriously considering ceasing our Chinese operation. - signed google.',
 u"I agree with the Repubs, daughter's pregnancy is private, just as abortion, gay marriage, euthanasia, and recreational drug use are private matters that should be beyond government and politics. ",
 u'My wife and 1 year old and i went to dinner and this is what it said on our check.',
 u'PA- Makers of Avenger controllers take money and run.',
 u'TIL \u0ca0_\u0ca0',
 u"Verizon stealthily installed a BING search app on my Blackberry last night which caused my phone to crash while I was sleeping thus my alarm didn't go off.  It's 1:10PM.  Good morning, Reddit. Fuck you Microsoft/Verizon.",
 u'\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591 \u2591\u2588\u2588\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2588\u2588\u2588 \u2588\u2588\u2588\u2588\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2588\u2591\u2588 \u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2588\u2588 \u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2588\u2588\u2588\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591 \u2591\u2591\u2592\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2588\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2588\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2591 \u2591\u2591\u2592\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2588\u2591 \u2592\u2592\u2592\u2592\u2592\u2588\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2588\u2591\u2591 \u2591\u2592\u2592\u2592\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2591 \u2591\u2591\u2592\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2588\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591 \u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2588\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591\u2591 Please resize your window and upvote to view the picture',
 u"Ricky Gervais' monologue at the Golden Globes. Holy shit. That is all. (Video)",
 u'Google 2012',
 u'Tank Man [PIC]',
 u"Online petition against PIPA and SOPA threatening internet freedom currently at 943,207 signatures. The Senate vote is soon. This petition will be read out name by name by Senator Wyden to filibuster these acts. Reddit, let's break the million.",
 u'You are not getting news. CNN vs Al Jazeera at 17:20 GMT, Monday 4/5/10',
 u'Incredible quote from a republican!!!',
 u'\u201cThe American Academy of Pediatrics would like to correct false statements made in the Republican presidential campaign that HPV vaccine is dangerous and can cause mental retardation...."',
 u'reddit, we need to talk...',
 u'Whitehouse petition to veto SOPA - oh my! Did I leave link info to copyright material that could lead to an ISP blocking the entire domain for whitehouse.gov if SOPA goes active? Woops, my bad.. Silly me!\xa0',
 u'he sat like this the entire class period',
 u'I wish theyd make more of these Hobbes and Bacon comics',
 u"I don't care what you think about whether or not the detention clause in NDAA applies to Americans, it shouldn't apply to anyone; no human being should ever be held indefinitely, or without the right to a fair trial",
 u"The right to assembly is being crushed; the Internet is on the verge of censorship; the legislative body of the most powerful nation in human history is about to declare pizza a vegetable.  We are no longer citizens, we're the sane inmates in an asylum run by psycopaths and sociopaths.",
 u'Zynga doing what it does best...',
 u"Anti-intellectualism is, to me, one of the most disturbing traits in modern society. I hope I'm not alone.",
 u'Tribe meets white man for the first time',
 u'Man talks in sleep. Wife writes down what he says. Hilarity ensues. ',
 u'I am fucking tired of the fact that it is our own elected officials that are presenting the greatest threat to our civil liberties, rather than being the guardians of these civil liberties that their oath of office requires them to be.  ',
 u'WTF! Internet-savvy Senator Al Franken is a *SPONSOR* of the SOPA bill?!  ',
 u'Vote for Barbie to be a computer engineer!',
 u"The results of Louis CK's experiment",
 u'White House photo of Obama and his national security team following events in the Bin Laden operation',
 u'Dear Media Companies,\nWhen you block people from outside the US from accessing content, we just go to better, less restrictive sites like mininova.org, or thepiratebay.org. Every time we do this it makes it less likely we will ever come back to you for content.\n\nYours truly\nThe rest of the planet.',
 u'GoDaddy not only helped write #SOPA they are also exempt from it. Scumbags.',
 u'My friend wanted to shave his amazing beard. I said "okay, but let us shave it in style."',
 u'100% confirmed photo of an Apple tablet computer! [pic]',
 u'Gaming vs Disability - an immediate and awesome reaction from an indie game dev.',
 u'Massive 7.9 earthquake in northeastern Japan. Someone post links please? Many domestic sites are crashing. Tsunami warning for Sendai.',
 u'At Last: New BBC guidelines say science news stories must link to the scientific paper',
 u'The REAL "Stuff White People Like" - OkTrends',
 u'One of my co-workers quit today. We found this on his desktop. [PIC]',
 u'A friend of mine has hand knitted over 7500 caps for children cancer patients. Please upvote to help her get noticed!',
 u'Campus Police pepper spraying peaceful student protesters at UC Davis. ',
 u'President Obama: "Send me a bill that bans insider trading by members of Congress, I will sign it tomorrow."',
 u'One of the great evolutionary leaps in the history of life on Earth \u2013 the transition to multicellularity \u2013 has been achieved in the lab with yeast',
 u'Bush gets shoes thrown at him after declaring "The Iraq War is not over"',
 u'Federal appeals court lifts ban on federal funding for stem cell research. ',
 u'Ron Paul: "Wikileaks- In a free society, we are supposed to know the truth. In a society where truth becomes treason, we are in big trouble."',
 u'How Twilight should have ended... [pic]',
 u"Microsoft shuts down the world's largest spam network, Rustock; reduces worldwide spam by 39%",
 u'Courts Rule US Government Above the Law. Judge declined to hold the CIA in contempt for destroying videos that it had been ordered by the courts to preserve.',
 u'Upvote this so "Kurt Greenbaum" google searches yield this as the top result and in the process teach people that its not OK to get other people fired for posting comments on their blog, especially in a down economy.',
 u'MegaUpload Users Plan to Sue the FBI over Lost Files ',
 u"Phone carriers: It's 2010. We all know how voicemail works. Enough with the two minute tutorial every time I want to leave a message. ",
 u"Dear Dell, don't try to charge me for a problem on YOUR website.",
 u'First part of Stewart vs. O\'Reilly, absolute slaughter. "BOOYA! That\'s another rap term"',
 u'Husband confronts abortion protesters ',
 u'The IRS is made of people',
 u"I sculpted my wife, and our dog, for my wife's grave.",
 u'Steve Carell handles interview well :)',
 u"Trader Joe's did something awesome!",
 u'Reddit. Yesterday some of the computer savvy members of your fine internet community helped me find my birth mother.  I waited 21 years to get to talk to her and last night we talked for hours.  I can never thank you all enough.  I honestly mean that more than you will ever know. ',
 u"Changing wife's tire (true story)",
 u'Megaupload to sue Universal for wrongfully taking down its content from YouTube; enters SOPA debate, calling for like-minded people to join forces and fight for an Internet without censorship',
 u'In a leaked letter sent to Spain\u2019s outgoing President, the US ambassador to the country warned that as punishment for not passing a SOPA-style file-sharing site blocking law, Spain risked being put on a United States trade blacklist .',
 u'Worm Guy',
 u'Osama bin Laden is dead',
 u"MARINES TO OAKLAND POLICE: 'You Did This To My Brother.'  Marines around the world are outraged by the injuries inflicted by police on Scott Olsen at Tuesday's Occupy Oakland protests",
 u'"The rules are simple: I put the self-timer on 2 seconds, push the button and try to get as far from the camera as I can."',
 u'Why is John McCain, who admits to not even knowing how to operate a computer, now introducing a bill to block net neutrality rules?',
 u"Can we take a second to honor one of the web's oldest and classiest sites?  Fighting idiocy since 1995, Snopes.com, you are my hero. ",
 u'"Today you.... tomorrow me."',
 u'Santorum: No One Has Ever Died Because They Didn\u2019t Have Health Care ',
 u'My friend made this short film and is too shy to submit it to Reddit.',
 u'"When students covered their eyes with clothing, police forced open their mouths and pepper-sprayed down their throats." Junior faculty member at UC Davis writes open letter to Chancellor Linda P.B. Katehi recounting the horrible acts of police brutality at the OWS protest on campus.',
 u'Dylan Ratigan lost his cool on his show today, and it was a beauty to watch. A 5 min unabashed honest rant on the corruption of the American political system and how our country is being sucked dry by banks, congress and an unfair tax system.',
 u'"I do not have any money so am sending you this drawing I did of a spider instead. "',
 u"I don't know what to do.... my browser history just revealed that my wife is a cheating ass bitch.",
 u'The US budget is like a 1st grader playing Oregon Trail. Spend all the money on ammunition so you can shoot at stuff, then wonder why your wagon is falling apart and everyone is dying of dysentery',
 u"We raised $100K for haiti without breaking a sweat. Wikileaks has shutdown due to lack of funds. Let's fix this.",
 u'On the back of the bathroom door in a bar in Brooklyn.',
 u'Spend one night. I dare you.',
 u'Google Officially Announces Chrome OS',
 u'Canadian Government to reverse CRTC decision on Internet billing. (UBB)',
 u'A foggy night in Odessa, Ukraine, when a digital billboard crashed and displayed a floating error warning in the night sky.',
 u"Dad died, left me '58 BMW. Watch what I did.",
 u'BIG NEWS: Prop 8 is unconstitutional, Judge rules',
 u'CCTV Footage From Inside A Cruise Liner During Rough Seas. Keep Your Eye On The Column At The Top Center Of Your Screen...',
 u'Sen. Ted Kennedy (D-MA) has died of brain cancer. He was 77.',
 u'Sony admits utter PSN failure: your personal data has been stolen',
 u'LCD monitor teardown, SO AMAZING!',
 u"Reddit, you killed my boyfriend! Here's the obituary as proof... [PIC]",
 u'U.S. loses AAA credit rating from S&amp;P | Reuters\n\n',
 u"Hey /r/gaming, I just finished an ALU (the math part of a CPU) in Minecraft.  Working on the rest of the computer as well.  And when it's done, it'll instantly have an assembler and compiler!",
 u'Your move, captcha...',
 u"What happens when you give a Mario piano score to someone who's never heard it in his life? Awesomeness.",
 u'Keanu Reeves is awesome',
 u"Why I didn't Buy You a Drink. Etiquette of intersexual drink-buying.",
 u'I wonder how many redditors that are subscribed to r/aww are male. Upvote for masculinity!',
 u"In Saudi Arabia only the boldest dare to speak out, Khaled al-Johani was one of them. He's not been seen since.  Look at the shock on the BBC reporters face. Hear him speak. The bravest man in Saudi",
 u'Pooping at the Special Olympics',
 u'A cab driver in China drove me home for free in exchange for posting a picture of his long-lost daughter on the internet',
 u'Boop',
 u'Reddit, I just printed this t-shirt for my girlfriend. What do you think?',
 u'But If We Started Dating It Would Ruin Our Friendship Where I Ask You To Do Things And You Do Them',
 u'SOPA Will Mean The End of Reddit, Says General Manager',
 u'years from now',
 u'Try holding down CTRL and upvote this',
 u'Coffee Jerks: My friend took a series of 1950s/60s-era coffee commercials and edited them down to just the moments when the guys were the biggest jerks to their wives about coffee',
 u'I was trolled hard by my best friend for Christmas. ',
 u'UK Owner of TVShack, a linking only website, is to be extradited to the US and faces up to 10 years in prison for supposed copyright infringement.',
 u'Obama will pay for his $447 billion jobs plan by ending a series of tax breaks for oil and gas companies, hedge-fund managers and people making more than $200000',
 u'Federal Appeals Court says that state law banning recording of police officers in public is unconstitutional',
 u'Hillary Clinton on the Internet: " ... to use an American phrase, our position is, \'If it ain\u2019t broke, don\u2019t fix it.\' And there\u2019s no good reason to replace an effective system with an oppressive one."',
 u'No one has gone to jail for crashing the world economy, torture or unconstitutional wiretaps.  There is however room in our jails for people who share files or smoke pot.  This is not a justice system.  It is an exploitation system.  ',
 u'Condition 1 weather in Antartica.....  WTF?!?!',
 u'How an awesome teacher stops a fight.',
 u'Italian thugs upload youtube video showing them beating up an autistic kid. Youtube takes video down within hours. 4 google employees charged, 3 found guilty. WTF?!',
 u"Microsoft Calls for Gay Marriage in Washington State -- The company argues that it's hard to hire the best people in the world when the state where it's based discriminates against them.",
 u'Every Damned Time, Reddit.',
 u"Old Spice Man Records Voicemail Message for Reddit (Pandarr's Request)",
 u'We personalized the peephole on your door',
 u'Internet, listen up. ACTA is scarier than both PIPA and SOPA, and it will be signed soon. Do your part\n',
 u'As much as I hate to say it, pretty damn accurate 4chan...',
 u'It took me entirely too long to figure out what was wrong with this photo.',
 u'Lamar Smith (SOPA Author) violates copyright on own website, VICE reports.',
 u'It moved! Oh shit, shit, shit [gif]',
 u'Sick of having a box full of tangled cords?',
 u'BREAKING: Large Air Spill at Wind Farm. No threats reported. Some claim to enjoy the breeze.',
 u'Anyone else think media exaggerates the usefulness of Twitter?',
 u'GoDaddy supports SOPA; transfer your domains today',
 u'FIXED: SOPA has NOT been postponed to 2012! The Committee members who support SOPA quietly changed the hearing date to the 21st, trying to trick the American people into thinking it was over for the year. This is dirty politics and should be illegal. Fight back. Let them know this is not over.',
 u"Best Halloween costume I've seen recently",
 u'playing music for friends',
 u'I am Salman Khan founder of Khan Academy-AMA',
 u'Gates donates $750 million to fight AIDS, TB and malaria',
 u"Bill O'Reilly Threatens To Quit If Higher Taxes For Millionaires Are Enacted",
 u"Reddit, I am a Saudi. My government gives great attention to Saudi issues raised and publicized in the Western Media. Here's a sickening video of a Saudi kid whipping a garbage collector until the poor worker cries. Please, spread it so it gets picked up by some news agency. Please. ",
 u'Congressman Dennis Kucinich is on the floor of the House of Representatives right now introducing 35 articles of impeachment against President George W. Bush',
 u'Jonathan Coulton on Megaupload being shut down',
 u'I would just like to point out an act of charity a fellow redditor just made...',
 u'a little something I helped out on that I thought you guys might like to see...',
 u'I\u2019m Senator Ron Wyden and wanted to say thank you to Reddit and the rest of the Internet.',
 u'Victory! Boycott forces GoDaddy to drop its support for SOPA\n',
 u'Steve Jobs Resigns as Apple CEO',
 u"This is a calling for ALL pornographic sites to BLACKOUT on February 20th in protest of Lamar Smith's newest offense: PCIP, or The Protecting Children from Internet Pornography Act. Please, upvote this so it can gain steam!",
 u'Reddit, in less than 24 hours you have raised over $65,000 for the Faraja Orphanage. Thank you!',
 u'Forever Alone Reddit Meetup',
 u'Tech Impaired Duck',
 u'Reddit - Mt. Vernon, WA is giving Glenn Beck a "key to the city."  My town, Bellingham, WA responded by offering Jon Stewart a key to our city. Help get his attention!',
 u"The PirateBay PRESS RELEASE concerning SOPA... -and The mass media in general. You've got to give it to them : They couldnt be more right on this one.",
 u'"So Palin &amp; crew are feeling unjustly blamed for the actions of an extremist..."',
 u'White House petition to actually take White House petitions seriously',
 u'"The top 30 companies in America paid more in lobbying than they did in taxes." -Elizabeth Warren on the Daily Show 1/25/12',
 u'Trent Reznor: "Biggest wake-up calls of my career was when I saw a record contract. I said, \'Wait - you sell it for $18.98 and I make 80 cents? And I have to pay you back the money you lent me to make it and then you own it?"',
 u'My kitten Casper got hit by a car this morning and died. Here is a picture of him browsing Reddit ;_;',
 u'Bernie Sanders - We have to pass a constitutional amendment to end Citizens United ruling. A Corporation is not a person and a handful of billionaires cannot pollute and take over the political system by spending unlimited sums of money in secret to elect candidates who support their agenda',
 u"Members of Joint Chief of Staff have a revolutionary proposal: invest less in the military, more in our youth and the country's real problems.",
 u'This brave man walked through the ant-health care crowd with his large poster and was immediately set upon by the crowd. One person spit on him, while others pushed and tried to grab his flag until the police intervened. ',
 u'Monopoly is an Old Game',
 u'Hey, Reddit. I write to you from Kerr Hall at UC Santa Cruz, currently occupied by students in protest of tuition hikes. The administration is sending out emails to everyone with a @ucsc.edu address condemning us, so an upvote of support would go a long way for us.',
 u"Dear Reddit: I do not think that ideas that are created by users should be the property of Reddit's share-holders Conde Nast - Can we change the User Agreement and remove that paragraph please?",
 u'"Not everybody\'s going to be a basketball player. So if there\'s a basketball court in every single elementary school, then there should be science programs." -will.i.am in his great new campaign Science is Rock and Roll',
 u'Reddit, fix your fucking users.  They are unbearably bitchy.',
 u'Michele Bachmann Is Ending Her Presidential Run',
 u"Remember the little trees you would get with a McDonalds happy meal 20 years ago? Here's mine this morning..... ",
 u'Little Jedi girl joins the Dark Side at Disneyland',
 u'billy mays here: Senate unanimously passes bill forcing TV stations to keep commercials at the same volume as the programs they interrupt',
 u'My favorite subtlety in Back to the Future (in case you missed it)',
 u'NYPD are blocking a sidewalk and asking for corporate identification in order for people to get through. People trying to access public transportation are being denied. Police check points and identification- what year is it and where the hell do we live?',
 u'Holy SHIT! National Cancer Institute FINALLY recognizes anti-tumor and anti-cancer effects of THC and CBD! This is huge!',
 u'Ron Paul furious over indefinite detention act: "This is a giant step \u2013 this should be the biggest news going right now \u2013 literally legalizing martial law. This is arrogant and bold and dangerous" said Paul',
 u'Limbaugh sarcastically suggests that we build a Hindu Temple next to Pearl Harbor and a Mosque next to the Pentagon... without realizing that Shinto, not Hinduism, is the most common religion in Japan, and there is already a Mosque inside the Pentagon and a Shinto temple next to Pearl Harbor.',
 u'My costume is not a meme... but I hope you still like it!',
 u'25 years of Zelda',
 u'Pure Laziness.',
 u'The Sarah Palin Debate Flowchart [pic]',
 u'Coming to the Colbert/Stewart rally? Lets be the most awesome rally ever; Pick up trash, be friendly, buy a stranger a sandwich etc...',
 u'Vendor/Groupon scandal...the other side of the story',
 u'Vladimir Putin: Action Man [pics]',
 u'Plot of next Bond film',
 u'Bill Gates TED talk on his view on the future of energy. He is working with people developing a new kind of nuclear reactor that would be useless for nuclear weapons as it would run on nuclear material that is currently waste. We have enough waste for $100trillion worth of fuel in the US alone',
 u'This guy killed my friends dad can anyone help clean up the picture? [Surveillance Footage]',
 u'ACTA - the latest threat to internet freedom',
 u'r/Kuwait meetup .. we got EVERY redditor in Kuwait to join for this picture, we win internets.',
 u"I was wondering why I haven't heard from some of my Facebook friends, then I saw this.  Quit sheltering me from the world, Interweb.",
 u'US appeals court LIFTS BAN on embryonic stem cell research',
 u'Can this be true?',
 u'For those of you who have never seen it, the most amazing crossword puzzle',
 u'Old ladies pirating cook books at Barnes and Nobel',
 u'Omari would like to say thank you!',
 u"Finally, A Democrat with BALLS! Makes CNN choke on 'em too. Thank you Rep. Alan Grayson (D-FL), Can we clone more like him?",
 u'Designer gets accused of stealing his own work and billed $18,000',
 u'OH SHI-',
 u'Save 30 seconds or a life?',
 u"Employees can't be fired for Facebook complaints, US judge says: workers have the right to publicly gripe about workplace conditions without suffering retribution",
 u'Time Magazine cover (depending on Country)',
 u'Pretty massive digital art theft over at deviantart (xpost)',
 u'Whoever it is, keep up the good work!',
 u'Twilight Moms',
 u'Rachel Maddow finds one massive WTF! ',
 u"Why It's Better To Pretend You Don't Know Anything About Computers - The Oatmeal",
 u'A fine summary',
 u'Reddit, you never cease to amaze me.',
 u'Thanks to Reddit, GoDaddy faces "Move Your Domain Day" boycott over SOPA support\n',
 u"Rally Sign: I Fought Nazis and They Don't Look Like Obama",
 u'Yep, that about sums it up.',
 u'youtube deleted the rick roll video :(',
 u'Dear Caucasian Neighbor...',
 u'All told, we learned that there are at least one hundred billion galaxies in our Universe. And we learned it from this single photograph.',
 u'URGENT: Egypt has shut down the Internet completely. ',
 u'I just found the earliest known example of the Reddit front page. From November 1865. ',
 u'Alright, British Redditors, I accept that your "handegg" argument makes some valid points, but as an American I feel it\'s important to point something out...',
 u'Jon Stewart nails O\u2019Reilly on right to privacy',
 u"The MPAA will soon be able to block Americans' access to any website, unless we fight back, hard.",
 u'Earlier today, Al Franken toured the U.S. Capitol building. He could have scheduled a V.I.P. tour like other Senators. Instead, he stood in line for a public tour just like the rest of us. Vote up if you think we need more folks like Al in Congress.',
 u'As Requested: I am willing to run against Lamar Smith [R-TX], the House Representative responsible for SOPA.',
 u"School used student laptop webcams to spy on them at school and home - the laptops issued to high-school students in the well-heeled Philly suburb have webcams that can be covertly activated by the schools' administrators, who have used this facility to spy on students and even their families.",
 u'I rode the bus from kindergarten to my senior year. Today, my bus driver shown up at my door with this.',
 u"They see me rollin'",
 u"My dad finally got his pilot's license today. He sent me this.",
 u'I can not even begin to fathom how this works. Jaw on the floor',
 u'At 11:46pm I received my Christmas present. A phone call saying a near perfect donor heart is waiting for me. At 9am I go into OR. Wish me luck reddit. ',
 u"Imgur's best images of 2010",
 u'I spent a year making this stop-motion film.  Even got to show it to Tim Burton.',
 u'Reddit may not like rednecks, but these rednecks love Reddit',
 u'I AMA Zach Braff.',
 u'Castro resigns as head of Cuban Communist party, allows Cubans to buy and sell property for first time since 1959',
 u'"Dad? Why do we always use .NET?" \u2014 I\'m not a big fan of Java, but this movie trailer is brilliant!',
 u'Bittorent Judge rules that an IP-Address is not a person.',
 u'The picture we waited 30 years to make -- Father and Son: First Shuttle Launch and Last Shuttle Launch',
 u'Comcast using a trick to raise rates on internet customers',
 u'For the past seven hours, Senator Paul has been holding the Senate floor to keep the senate from passing the patriot act without debate or amendments.',
 u'Dutch ISPs Refuse To Block The Pirate Bay',
 u'A typical meeting of reddit admins...',
 u"Obama approves $8.3 billion loan for two new nuclear reactors. They'll be the first nuclear plants built in the United States since the 1970s.",
 u'"Bring in the nerds" - I\'m testifying before the House Oversight &amp; Government Reform Committee about SOPA/PIPA on Jan 18.',
 u'Hello World!',
 u'Men In The Baby Food Department',
 u"Help us, Reddit! Following today's protests, Iranian government has cut off our internet access. We can't even check Gmail &amp; Yahoo mail. This might be sign of a second round of crackdown &amp; here's what you can do about it. ",
 u'Classic IE6 Effect Ported to HTML5',
 u'I am Neil deGrasse Tyson -- AMA',
 u'Effective today, Mexico decriminalizes possession of small amounts of marijuana, cocaine, heroin and other drugs',
 u'Humpback whale gives show after being saved.',
 u'Company of Heroes Online lead game designer killed saving his wife and unborn baby',
 u'Obama is Kind of a Dick',
 u'Family law judge (Aransas County) beats and abuses his own daughter for using the internet. She uploaded the video. [trigger warning: abuse]',
 u'The United Nations recently declared that disconnecting people from the Internet is a violation of human rights.',
 u'Seth Meyers pretty much summed up the entire Phelps / Bong / Kellogs issue on SNL last night... here is the video (on youtube, for now)',
 u'Dear Cosmo: Thank you for teaching your self-entitled readership how to be an even bigger pain in my ass. Sincerely, a Retail Cashier',
 u'"I\'m sorry, Dave."',
 u"Just because it was good once doesn't mean it can't be good again",
 u'House voted 406-17 to keep the NDAA (indefinite military detention bill) conference committee closed to the public.',
 u'This should be the first thing shown in any Trigonometry class.',
 u'Meanwhile in Russia',
 u'so last night i crashed at my buddies place. i got up to get some water....',
 u'Russ Feingold, the only Senator to vote against the Patriot Act and the Iraq War, is starting a new campaign to take back government from corporate control. You want to fix things? I suggest we join him.',
 u'ahumanright.org plans to buy satellite and provide free Internet access for entire world',
 u"Spotted in the children's section of a Reject Shop [PIC]",
 u'MythBuster Adam Savage: "SOPA Could Destroy the Internet as We Know It"',
 u'Hard to believe that for one second, The X-Files was more realistic than CSI.',
 u'Interview FFFUUUUUUUU',
 u'Wilt Chamberlain and Andre the Giant -- holding up Arnold Schwarzenegger (on the set of Conan)! [PIC]',
 u'The most amazing bicycle video you will ever see (go to 3:10!!!!)',
 u'Watching my dad (a GP doctor) watch House is more entertaining than the show',
 u'Chronicling the growth of my shoulder kitty.',
 u'RAWRFJSLJFJJJLSDJF',
 u"I asked Jon Stewart about SOPA. He said he'd look into it, and mentioned it in the intro!",
 u'lunch notes from my wife',
 u'If Ron Paul is elected, he will decrease the number of pokemon back to 151.',
 u'My son wears a helmet to correct Plagiocephaly. We made him this Halloween costume that included his helmet as a part of it.',
 u'Wikileaks: Something is up',
 u'I pirated a book and sent an email to the author, I got a very unexpected response. ',
 u'Westboro Baptist Church smited by Anonymous',
 u"Simpson's Couch Gag Takes a Serious Turn",
 u'Remember that catchy tune on the "You Wouldn\'t Steal a Handbag..." antipiracy notices?  Yup. They pirated the music.',
 u'Stephen Colbert just said he likes reading reddit.  Lets get this on the frontpage and coerce him to do an interview/IAmA',
 u'IAMA:JohnK Ren and Stimpy Creator',
 u'How to increase tips',
 u'How to torture anyone.',
 u"61-year-old farmer beat the famous runners in an 875-km race because he didn't know you were supposed to stop and rest",
 u'The obama speech.',
 u'/r/pics, we need to talk\u2026',
 u'By Request: We Are the IBM Research Team that Developed Watson. Ask Us Anything.',
 u'Gaming the Reddit Voting System - twitter is just the tip of the iceburg.',
 u'The Cab Ride I\u2019ll Never Forget',
 u'Bad ass cartoonist (imgur)',
 u'Reddit, can we start a groundswell campaign to encourage Google to create a ticketing alternative to Ticketmaster?',
 u'GoDaddy lost 72,354 domains this week. It\u2019s not enough.',
 u'The creepiest cat ever.',
 u"Zach Galifianakis Smokes a Joint on Bill Maher's Show",
 u'Tumblr did an amazing thing: they helped train their users on important talking points on SOPA and then connected them to their Representatives in Congress,  generating 87,834 calls in one day to help fight SOPA',
 u'Man steals 40,000 hotel coat-hangers and goes to trial. Hilarity ensues.',
 u'I like big butts and I cannot lie, but is there some evolutionary reason as to why?',
 u'What NOT to do while a soon to be famous picture of the President is being taken.',
 u'Some people are Retired [Pic]',
 u'Katie Couric: "You said that Obama has a hatred for white culture. WTF is white culture?" Beck: "Umm, uhh, umm... the real story here is that Obama is racist."',
 u'Active Duty Cop: "The war on drugs is a war on people. I did not get in law enforcement to destroy a person\u2019s future because that person had marijuana or a pill in their pocket.  Why would you want to destroy that person\u2019s future and cause them great harm because of that? It\u2019s not worth it.\u201d\u2019 ',
 u'Browsers',
 u'Not mine, but deserves to be seen',
 u'Libyan airforce colonels ordered to attack protestors in fighter jets... instead they fly to Malta and defect',
 u'Reddit. This is not good. ',
 u"So my 6 year old daughter was playing on her favorite kid's website...and then asked me about having a bigger penis....[PIC]",
 u"The bankers' blockade of WikiLeaks must end: Whether you support WikiLeaks or not, the blockade by Visa, Mastercard, Paypal and others is a sinister attack on free speech",
 u"Don't just shorten your URL, make it suspicious and frightening. - ShadyURL",
 u'Shell oil company refuses to clean up its African oil spill.',
 u'It was finally confirmed that the NYPD detained a PBS WNET journalist for 9 hours during the \u201cOccupy Wall Street\u201d protests when he tried to to interview the women who were peppersprayed without cause',
 u'A message from US auto makers: You wont buy our shitty cars, so ... [pic]',
 u'Lose-lose.  Download Internet Explorer 8 get a Nickelback mp3.',
 u'Click the woman.',
 u'A Milford, Connecticut police lieutenant  has been suspended for a single day without pay for ordering the deletion of thousands of hours of police dashcam videos that were wanted by the family of a teenager who was killed in an officer-involved crash when that officer was speeding.',
 u"Dear Newspapers: Maybe if you hadn't waited until the day before Bush left office to start calling him on everything he's done in the past eight years, we wouldn't be as screwed as we are now.",
 u'To the people that stole my guitar',
 u'Reddit, I made an online audio/music toy to kill your productivity. ',
 u'My new terminator prosthetic leg/artwork! design helped by redditors. thanks guys, today was my best day of my year.',
 u"Fuck it I'm getting on the bandwagon, $0.10 to doctors without borders for every upvote, do your worst. ",
 u'Wow. The level of ignorance and sheer stupidity in this video is amazing. Some of the things that tea baggers believe is incredible!',
 u'On Reddit Blackout Day (18th), what if imgur follows suit and redirects all images to a single image which counters SOPA?',
 u'Calling all Military Veterans of Reddit. We took an oath to protect the people and the constitution of the United States of America. Meet me on Wall St.',
 u"I'm glad I bought this before Westboro (or similar idiots) could.",
 u"We think we're protecting our kids by treating all men as potential predators. But that's not a society that's safe. Just sick.",
 u'Rep. Lamar Smith, author of SOPA, is at it again with "Protecting Children From Internet Pornographers Act" or PCIP. The PCIP Act would require Internet providers to retain archives of everyone\u2019s online activity for up to 18 months, including phone records, websites visited and bank-account data.',
 u"Hi, I'm Al Franken. I Took Over $88,000 From The Entertainment Industry For My Senate Campaign, And In Return, I Support PIPA &amp; SOPA.",
 u'A message to Anon from inside Egypt.',
 u'Particles recorded moving faster than light',
 u'Robin Williams and his daughter Zelda appear in the latest ad for Ocarina of Time 3D. Take my money, etc.',
 u'You requested him, and we got him! Ask Noam Chomsky Anything (reddit video interview).',
 u'The \u201cSuicide\u201d of U.S. Army Private LaVena Lynn Johnson - Help keep this story of KBR rape, torture, murder and cover-up alive.  Until the Army tells the truth.',
 u'Jon Stewart: Why Is the Media Ignoring Ron Paul?',
 u'Sen. Al Franken: "Tonight I want to tell you, that I believe that net neutrality is the first amendment issue of our time." ',
 u'I can only assume that Hell has frozen over..',
 u"What if it's a big hoax?",
 u'EU has banned the use of X-ray body scanners in European airports, parting ways with the US TSA which has deployed hundreds of the scanners as a way to screen millions of airline passengers for explosives hidden under clothing',
 u'\u201cThe cop wanted my ID, and I showed it to him,\u201d Mr. Taylor said. \u201cHe told me I couldn\u2019t take the pictures. I told him that\u2019s not true, that the rules permitted it. He said I was wrong. I said, \u2018I\u2019m willing to bet your paycheck.\u2019 \u201d',
 u'Police beat and break the ribs of a peaceful protesting, 70-year old, Pulitzer prize winning literature professor.  Do we have a serious problem with police brutality? Maybe its time to discuss how police are trained to deal with non-violent situations. ',
 u'People are still citizens when on the internet.',
 u'Invade the USA',
 u'Dick Cheney has fifth heart attack, only two horcruxes remaining.',
 u'9-year-old writes letter to Captain Jack Sparrow asking for help in staging a mutiny against her teachers. Johnny Depp \u2014 who is in London filming Pirates Of The Caribbean 4 \u2014 shows up at her Greenwich school dressed as Jack Sparrow to surprise her.',
 u'Got high with Shaq today. ',
 u"Since we couldn't take their money, reddit is now running free ads in support of prop 19.",
 u'Drew this for you, Reddit. Enjoy!',
 u"Polish president's plane crashes in Russia",
 u'Hey Reddit - Samsung gave me 24 new SSD drives to play with. Want to see what I did?',
 u'Please God, Make this happen.',
 u'Thank God for Good Guy Greg',
 u'North Korea has fired several artillery shells across its western maritime border, prompting return fire from South Korea',
 u'Republicans attack NPR, so NPR maps the connections between the GOP and "independent grass roots" political groups that are funded entire with corporate money.\n',
 u"Well done reddit!! you've made an old man happy :)",
 u'Congress Woman Outraged as she is Wiretapped...but voted for the Patriot Act ',
 u'Reddit - today, without provocation or warning I was picked up off a public street by the police.  I now want to thank them publicly.',
 u"I am William J Lashua's Grandson. Please read this.",
 u"Chris Christie (R-NJ), Governor of NJ, just took a State Helicopter to his son's baseball game, where a limo carried him the 100 yards to the field.  He then flew off with his wife.  While he calls for savage cuts in medicaid to the poor.  ",
 u'Cops say legalize Marijuana to hurt criminal gangs',
 u"Tag Heuer standing by Tiger Woods': his private life is 'not our business'. Anyone else pleased by this?",
 u'Why you should always sleep with a Teddy bear ',
 u'google.cn image search for "tiananmen massacre" shows tanks and corpses now',
 u'Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger Just Decriminalized Marijuana in California',
 u"Save Tom's Hardware, Stop SOPA",
 u'To most Christians, the Bible is like a software license.  Nobody actually reads it.  They just scroll to the bottom and click "I agree."',
 u'Pillow: 1 Cat: 0 [GIF]',
 u'Newt Gingrich on his first wife, Jackie Battley: "She\'s not young enough or pretty enough to be the wife of the President. And besides, she has cancer."',
 u'IAM Christopher Poole, aka "moot," founder of 4chan &amp; Canvas. AMA!',
 u'A kitten and a parrot.',
 u'US Threatened To Blacklist Spain For Not Implementing Site Blocking Law',
 u"Screw your girlfriend! I made this MYSELF and it's AWESOME",
 u'I wanted to put some perspective on exactly how badly ISPs in Canada are overcharging for data.',
 u'Plumber asks Obama spontaneous question. Obama spends four minutes giving him a detailed, cogent, respectful answer. Good stuff.',
 u'The best way to stop your child becoming an athiest !',
 u'UC police Capt. Margo Bennett on Occupy UC Berkeley: "The individuals who linked arms and actively resisted, that in itself is an act of violence...I understand that many students may not think that, but linking arms in a human chain when ordered to step aside is not a nonviolent protest."',
 u'So terrorism now means indefinite detention, and protesters are "low-level terrorists".  Is anyone else as scared as I am?',
 u'Shooter at University of Texas Library RIGHT NOW',
 u"Remeber the Redditor who found the FBI tracking device on his car?  Well, he's suing.  Let's cheer him on to victory!",
 u'How I got revenge on my cheating girlfriend [Based on a True Story]',
 u'Amazing new gameplay from a futuristic Mech FPS, HAWKEN! ',
 u'The Christmas card our mailman gave us.',
 u'Reddit successfully pressures Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) to back off support of SOPA.',
 u'Obama to Palin:"Don\'t mock the Constitution. Don\'t make fun of it. Don\'t suggest that it\'s not American to abide by what the founding fathers set up. It\'s worked pretty well for over 200 years."',
 u'My cousin, ashamed after building a chair from IKEA',
 u'Doctors Without Borders loses contact with 130 staff members in South Sudan; clinic destroyed',
 u"Dear online porn industry:  Please shut down the tubes for 6 hours tonight in protest of the SOPA.  You're our only hope now.",
 u'Horrific video of 20+ Egyptian citizens being run over by a diplomatic vehicle in the streets of Cairo Jan 28.',
 u'30 inches of snow in 30 seconds',
 u'One year later... ',
 u"It's awesome shit like this, Kimpton Hotels",
 u"I've waited 9 years...time to kick back and relax.",
 u'TIL that AT&amp;T installed a fiberoptic splitter at its facility at 611 Folsom Street in San Francisco that makes copies of all emails, web browsing, and other Internet traffic to and from AT&amp;T customers (including data from iPhones and iPads), and provides those copies to the NSA. ',
 u'R.I.P. John McCarthy, father of AI, inventor of Lisp, suddenly at home last night.',
 u'Why The American Media Sucks: In Four Simple Pictures',
 u"Here's what happens when you try to import your Gmail contacts information into Facebook (PIC)",
 u'Who here spends more time on Reddit than Facebook?',
 u"I lost my job and have been depressed. My oldest \r\ndaughter (who lives with her mom) told me she is \r\ncoming over this week with all Firefly episodes, and \r\nSerenity as well, to have a marathon to cheer me \r\nup. This is one great young lady. She's a redditor \r\nso maybe she'll see this. Thanks K!",
 u'At last night\'s Republican debate, presidential candidate Herman Cain quoted a \'poet\' as saying "life can be a challenge, life can seem impossible, but it\'s never easy when there\'s so much on the line." These are lyrics from the theme song to the movie "Pokemon: The Movie 2000."',
 u"I am the mother of a gay son and I've taken enough from you good people.",
 u'Best reason for donation to wikipedia EVER.',
 u'SHAMEFUL: Obama administration digs into Gitmo legal cases and finds that no case files exist for detainees. As we all suspected, Bush was just winging it cowboy style.',
 u"Portugal drug law show results ten years on - Health experts in Portugal said Friday that Portugal's decision 10 years ago to decriminalise drug use and treat addicts rather than punishing them is an experiment that has worked.",
 u'Hey everybody?  Remember the BP oil spill?  They have a team of lobbyists and lawyers who are fighting to have the estimate of "number of gallons dumped" reduced by 50%.  If they succeed, the payout to those affected will be reduced by 50%.  It\'s time for protests in Louisiana.',
 u"You can't even begin to imagine how awesome this is. Nothing I can write here will do it justice.",
 u'"After drilling for two decades through more than two miles of antarctic ice, Russian scientists are on the verge of entering a vast, dark lake that hasn\u2019t been touched by light for more than 20\u2009million years."',
 u'WTF PayPal DESTROYS a $2,500 violin and gives the owner nothing',
 u'Cuba opens restricted airspace to US rescue flights to Haiti reducing the flight time to Miami by 90 minutes',
 u"Cop drives 126 MPH while texting, kills 2 teen girls, lies to cover it up, gets probation.  Now he wants workman's compensation for his injuries.",
 u"That wasn't in the brochure!",
 u'|\u2022 WHOLE LOTTA BOOBS! =D \u2022|de another comic...',
 u'Priorities [pic]',
 u"The DEA funds itself by raiding medical marijuana clinics. Every dollar confiscated (including the wallets out of patient's pockets, personal bank accounts of dispensary workers, and vehicles) are then put back into the DEA's budget. I'm sorry, but this is the mafia. ",
 u'There is a lot of videos of the Tsunami this time, but this one takes the cake in my opinion. Holy shit.',
 u'Dear Internet Vigilantes and Lynch Mobs',
 u"If you illegally park in a disabled spot, pray my dad and his free time don't find you",
 u'Imgur to Boycott GoDaddy Over SOPA Support',
 u"Ben &amp; Jerry's becomes the first corporate company to openly support Occupy Wall Street",
 u'Ron Paul Introduces Bill to Repeal Indefinite Detention of Americans',
 u'GamePro, G4TV and VGChartz GamrFeed have been abusing multiple accounts to spam and manipulate /r/gaming for months',
 u"Involuntary Collaborations: I buy other people's landscape paintings at yard sales and Goodwill and put monsters in them. ",
 u'Reverse Halloween',
 u'While coding at work today I heard a loud crash, looking outside revealed this...',
 u"Saw the video Wikileaks posted; here's a measured interpretation from someone who's been over there",
 u"Verizon memos leaked on tiered data plans. Hey Verizon 'Fuck you! Can you hear me now?'",
 u'Caught Spying on Student, FBI Demands GPS Tracker Back',
 u"REMINDER: Sean Hannity Still Hasn't Been Waterboarded for Charity",
 u'Scumbag Paypal?',
 u"Today is the 250th day since Sean Hannity said he would prove waterboarding isn't torture. We aren't giving you a free ride yet, fucker. ",
 u'The wrong hand release disaster :|',
 u"Dad's having surgery tomorrow that he likely won't survive. Taking the news LIKE A BOSS. Love you dad.",
 u'One old man has a theory of how Stonehenge was built using only gravity, sticks, and stones. And he uses it to raise a 19,200 lb rock by himself!',
 u'"Its very difficult to comprehend the fact that I can talk now and in an hour or so I won\'t be able to talk at all"',
 u'I went the extra mile for a customer and ended up not regretting it in a service industry.',
 u'In which I thank CNN for their fine, fine reporting.',
 u'Each time I click a up vote on reddit, using the firefox browser, and then right click it displays the copy/paste menu.',
 u'"Fear God" is Trending on Twitter; Out of the Woodwork They Come.',
 u'Jon Stewart announces rally in DC!  Go Reddit!  10/30/10',
 u'World-famous and beloved Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has been "disappeared" by China\'s state security forces. Every trace of Ai\'s life and art have been erased from the Chinese internet, and his only hope may be a global outcry for his release. ',
 u'A friend of mine got ready for tonights Halloween party. Nailed it?',
 u'IAmA Democrat Who Fights, Rep. Anthony Weiner (D-NY). AMA.',
 u'Reddit, my roommate can rap really really fast...',
 u'Ok 2012, I am now contented; it is officially the future',
 u'Lost? Not so much.',
 u"Let's all give it up for Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR), the man who probably just saved the Internet.",
 u'Not for the faint of heart! A pilot at low level has no control. His aircraft narrowly misses a crowd and slams into four buildings.  One can only imagine the horror of the occupants of those buildings.',
 u'GameStop opening Deus Ex boxes, removing free game code: "since OnLive is a competing service, GameStop customers won\'t get the code."',
 u"It's official, Russ Feingold, the only senator to vote against the Patriot Act, just got beaten by a high school drop out who spent 8.2 million of his wife's money to get elected. The idiocracy dawns.",
 u'No. Fuck you. [PIC]',
 u'BBC News - Volkswagen turns off work email after work hours for staff. Wants to reduce the blurring of lines between home and work.',
 u'35 Congressmen Move to Kill $122 Billion in Subsidies to Big Oil',
 u'Man gets parking ticket less than a minute after parking, writes very funny complaint letter (pic)',
 u'So I printed all the Oblivion in-game books into a single volume, and handbound it in leather. (crosspost from /r/Oblivion)',
 u'Pastors to openly endorse political candidates for office. Time to start revoking tax-exempt status for these churches.',
 u'Do not vote for Obama until you see this clip',
 u'Report: Swiss Banks set to reveal the names of thousands of American tax evaders',
 u'Would the college students/20-somethings of reddit be interested in a website dedicated to teaching you how to cook awesome food for less than $3 per meal?',
 u'People of reddit: PLEASE STOP giving reddit shoutouts in YouTube video comments. You are alerting the stupidest people on the internet of our existence. This is like yelling "What\'s up, fellas!?" to an endless hoard of zombies outside your formerly secure shopping mall.',
 u'so I flew across the atlantic last night and this is what I saw outside',
 u'When is the last time you saw such a CEO?',
 u'A number of reddit users have reported finding the cycbot.b virus on their Windows systems.',
 u'Couch Surfin',
 u'BBC News - Wikileaks founder Julian Assange arrested in London',
 u'Can we take a minute to thank first term Senator Sherrod Brown for pursuing an investigation of KV Pharmaceuticals who just knocked up the price of a pre-term labor drug from $10/dose to $1,500',
 u"Dear Reddit: My 5 yr old son had this idea before his brain injury in May of '08.  Help me make it happen!",
 u'Republicans - Justify why you are OK with Palin not talking to the media and why this is a sign of a strong leader.  Democrats, I need your help, so vote up.',
 u'reddit a revolution is starting strongly in Egypt, we need your help to get the word out, the government is controlling the media nothing is going out.',
 u'Sick of not being able to read the full text of important scientific articles? Support Science Commons.',
 u'Every year my wife and I throw a party and when I send out the photos I add famous people',
 u'Montanans Launch Recall of Senators Who Approved NDAA Military Detention. Merry Christmas, US Senate',
 u'Barney Frank and Ron Paul will Introduce Legislation on Thursday to Fully Legalize Marijuana',
 u'Dear PETA, next time you think up a name for a blog, say it out loud first.',
 u'Christopher Hitchens dies at 62',
 u'I asked random New Yorkers with headphones on what song they were listening to...',
 u"My 4 year old's Jawa costume for halloween, made by my mom.  OOTTTTIIIIIINNNNIIIII!!!!!",
 u'Funny Church Sign',
 u'200 years ago this November, a man pulled off the greatest version of the "order pizza to a stranger\'s house" prank ever performed.',
 u'why you shouldnt ask for help on the internet',
 u"My brother's friend also likes to draw on his whiteboard at work.",
 u'Conan Delivers Chinese Food in NYC',
 u'To the undercover cop that followed me on Sunday, June 6th, at 7:15 a.m. on Stroop Rd. in Ohio...',
 u'Spray-on liquid glass is about to revolutionize almost everything',
 u'Genius! The $1 liquid glasses that will save the sight of millions',
 u'Kucinich: "Here is how to get out of debt: End the wars--save a trillion over ten years. Repeal tax cuts to the wealthy--save another trillion. Medicare for ALL, ending the four hundred billion yearly subsidies for health insurance industry." \n',
 u'Fuck it, why not?',
 u'"Truth is treason in the empire of lies."',
 u'Psychology Professor sent this email to all of his students after a class spent discussing religion.',
 u'Man, I love Google Maps',
 u"I can't sleep, Reddit. For the love of everything good, please don't take my marriage away from me today. Please vote No on California Prop 8.",
 u"Wife's Ipad. I just wanted to play angry birds.",
 u"Filipino president says he's ready to accept excommunication from church for promoting free access to condoms",
 u'not an insult: Weird? Weird.',
 u'Until 0:27, it seems like an ordinary wedding video. Then it gets awesome.',
 u"Don't click this if you need to do anything productive today (Tone Matrix)",
 u":(      I would've voted for you, Ron.",
 u'Leslie Nielsen, age 84, died today from pneumonia.',
 u'"We did not know The Onion was not a real news site"',
 u'Sir Richard Branson - It\u2019s time to end the failed war on drugs ',
 u'One of my frat brothers had a few, and told this story from his youth.  (sorry, he was a bit into the story before someone pulled out a camera)',
 u'I hereby reclaim the word "EPIC" on behalf of everything in this world that transcends the sandwich you had for lunch or the manner in which your friend tripped over the sidewalk. I am a high school English teacher, and I have the power to do this in times of crisis.',
 u'Can we please make this guy the happiest person ever for a day?',
 u"Fuck You CNN, there's nothing controversial about \r\nan American President advising American students \r\nto do better in school.",
 u'Al Gore has come out strongly against SOPA and PIPA, angrily denouncing the bill and its supporters',
 u'"Congress\' approval rating has fallen to an abysmal 9% -- to put this in perspective, herpes is now slightly more popular than Congress." ',
 u'The Bomb Buried In Obamacare Explodes Today-Hallelujah! - Forbes',
 u'My day at work',
 u'Massive list of all the tips and tricks.',
 u'Hi. I am a biologist. I work with evolution every day.',
 u"On December 31st 2010, Advance Publications will sell its subsidiary, Cond\xe9 Nast Publications (which owns Reddit), to Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation for an estimated $6.3 billion USD",
 u'I knew Kanye was a Douche, But this is going to far',
 u'Air Horn Prank',
 u"When a guy says GO MAKE ME A SANDWICH, what's a good comeback?",
 u'Tech support...LIKE A BOSS',
 u'The faces of the Yes on 1 campaigners in Maine as they hear the election results. [PIC]',
 u'This pretty neatly illustrates who is really in charge.',
 u'GoDaddy lost 21,000+ domains yesterday',
 u'Stereotypical Black Father',
 u'Actor Wil Wheaton Says Chris Dodd Is Lying About Lost Jobs; Says MPAA Accounting Creates More Losses Than Piracy',
 u'Death to Pennies',
 u"Here's that analysis we promised of what happened yesterday traffic-wise (tldr: everything went better than expected).",
 u'Palinaspresident.com',
 u'Which One Is Elitist Again? (PIC)',
 u"MPAA Directly &amp; Publicly Threatens Politicians Who Aren't Corrupt Enough To Stay Bought",
 u'My before and after (2 years)',
 u'What was the most fucked up thing that you ever bore witness to? I will share mine, maybe one of you can top it.',
 u'Walking the Walk',
 u'A personal appeal from Jimmy Wales',
 u"The reason for Elizabeth Warren's newfound internet stardom is simple. She was able to articulate -- in a few words -- what the Democratic Party has been unable to communicate for years.",
 u'"...Viacom continuously and secretly uploaded its \r\ncontent to YouTube, even while publicly \r\ncomplaining about its presence there. It hired no \r\nfewer than 18 different marketing agencies to \r\nupload its content to the site. It deliberately \r\n"roughed up" the videos to make them look stolen"',
 u'American Billboard',
 u'We Need Your Help in Eastern Tennessee: We need the rest of the nation to hear that a spill - 40 times larger than the Valdez wreck - has destroyed the waters and communities around Kingston, TN',
 u"Serving tables on Christmas Eve isn't so bad...",
 u'Accidental optical illusion. ',
 u'What are the best TED talks?',
 u'\u25c4\u25ac\u25ac  \u2588\u25ac\u2588 \u2588 \u2580\u2588\u2580  -   \u2588 \u2580\u2588\u2580 ',
 u'J.K. Rowling on why she doesn\'t move to a tax haven: "I am indebted to the British welfare state; the very one that Mr Cameron would like to replace with charity handouts. When my life hit rock bottom, that safety net, threadbare though it had become, was there to break the fall."',
 u'Palin Pranked. EPIC FAIL.',
 u'I looked him straight in the eye and said, "if you touch my junk, I\'ll have you arrested."',
 u'Young Iranian Protester - Shot By Basij [WARNING GRUESOME]',
 u'But how did he take the picture of himself taking the picture of himself taking the picture of himself?',
 u'Canadian-developed HIV vaccine approved for human trials',
 u'I take professional concert photographs and the other night I snapped some crowd shots. One guy in particular was aware of this...',
 u'Hey guys, I made my first DX contact on my QRP rig!',
 u'Arnold Schwarzenegger mocks Sarah Palin on Facebook. ',
 u'Timing!',
 u'spot the difference [pic]',
 u'Lone man stands up to rioters in Vancouver. "This is our city. What the fuck are you doing?" (crossposted from r/canada)',
 u"Last year I interviewed for a TV job, and they asked me if I had ever directed or shot car chases.  I said yes, went home, shot this, and sent it back to them.  I didn't get the job. ",
 u'They said I could be anything',
 u'There\u2019s a jungle inside Vietnam\u2019s mammoth cavern. A skyscraper could fit too. And the end is out of sight.',
 u'Cheaters never win.',
 u'REP. DEUTCH INTRODUCES OCCUPIED AMENDMENT TO BAN CORPORATE FINANCING OF ELECTIONS',
 u"Let's clear something up right now. [PIC]",
 u'Fuck you Walmart. I knew you were bad, but not THIS bad.',
 u'Fuck all websites that effectively turn the BACK button into another REFRESH button.',
 u'This is what happens when you drop neodymium \nmagnets down a copper pipe!',
 u'Portal (2007)',
 u'FBI plants informant to incite terrorism in a mosque. Muslims are horrified by his jihad talk and... report him to the FBI.',
 u'Voter Registration Deadlines are Approaching; First, VOTE THIS UP! Then Register to Vote!',
 u"Anyone else think Obama isn't doing that bad of a job?",
 u'Actors in their most legendary roles, wearing casual style',
 u'"Socialism never took root in America because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires." John Steinbeck',
 u'all about win.  guy is hilarious.',
 u'They.. They sold The Pirate Bay?',
 u'Today is 10/10/10 NOT 10/10/10 you stupid Americans.',
 u'Ricky Gervais - "Not that I give a fuck though obviously."',
 u'Arrested Development returning for one more season!',
 u'Keanu Reeves: The dude has class',
 u'Corrupt California judge David P. Yaffe puts 69 year old lawyer behind bars for contempt of court because the lawyer argued that Yaffe could not render an objective judgment due to the fact that the defending party was paying him nearly $50k a year.',
 u'Ok reddit lets make it...The List of Real Life Cheat Codes!!!!',
 u'Stephen Colbert has answered your questions',
 u'On this day 146 years ago, Dr. Ignaz Semmelweis died in an insane asylum. He was there for claiming that doctors washing hands between autopsies and births would save thousands of lives. They insisted that "a gentleman\'s hands are always clean" and didn\'t relent for 21 years. Hats off to this guy.',
 u"Wikileaks+Guardian.co.uk: Afghanistan: The war logs. Massive leak of secret files exposes truth of occupation. Includes interview with Wikileaks' Julian Assange.",
 u'I tried to explain the industry to them...But they were not interested in hearing anything but a confession',
 u'A Proud Troll; A Raging GF (true story from my vacation)',
 u'Dear Reddit, some douchebag stole my brand new MacBook - I have the Serial# and MAC Address. Can you help me?',
 u'Scum of the Earth',
 u'New feature: inboxes show you your new mail, rather than crash the site',
 u'Saw this spider on the golf course today. It was big enough that my friend spotted it from 30 feet away. [pic]',
 u'WHAT THE HELL, SKITTLES? ',
 u'A former Chicago Bears football star committed suicide by shooting himself in the chest so that his brain could be later examined by researchers. Yesterday, researchers announced that his brain tissue showed undisputed evidence of the trauma disease that he believed he had.',
 u'Look who we ran into in East Village.',
 u'Congratulations to Ford, who refused TARP and had its first profitable quarter in North America in 4 years.',
 u"Fox News on Day 1 of the Obama Administration: That's just Day 1. HOLY SHIT",
 u'US Reps. John Conyers (D-MI) and Donna Edwards (D-MD) introduced a constitutional amendment overruling the Supreme Court\'s corporate election buying decision in Citizens United: "It is individual voters who should determine the future of this nation, not corporate money"',
 u'I am actor Giancarlo Esposito, and I play Gus on the show Breaking Bad.  AMA.',
 u'This past summer [true story]',
 u'The Muppets cover Queen in an all-new, original video. If I could think of a better adjective than "epic", I\'d use it, I swear.',
 u"What Kind Of Country Do You Live In Where You Can Prosecute A President For 3 Years For A Consensual Blowjob, But Can't Prosecute One For Torture?",
 u'Throughout the whole course of Community, the words "Beetle Juice" have only been said three times. Guess what happened the third.',
 u"He saved your ass and you didn't even know it.",
 u"Hyperbole and a Half: Dogs don't understand basic concepts like moving.",
 u'Zach thanks the internet.',
 u'Vermont has no National Guard choppers to help with cleanup from Hurricane Irene because they are all in Iraq, leaving the National Guard unable to deliver food, medicine, water and other supplies to 13 towns cut off from the rest of the state',
 u"So I'm driving home today and see this beside me...",
 u'Rick Santorum pledges to ban all forms of pornography',
 u"Dear American Redditors, can we all agree to go on endless riots if the President ever hits the internet kill switch until it's turned back on?",
 u'I am Maddox, AMA.',
 u"Reddit: Volunteer for Obama HERE. It's time for reddit to do its part. Frontpage this link until Obama is President",
 u'LA poised to be the first major US city to call for an end to Corporate personhood: City Council will vote on a resolution calling Congress to amend the Constitution to establish that only living persons - not corporations - have constitutional rights and that money is not the same as free speech\n\n',
 u"Reddit, meet Josh. While camping, my friends and I were approached by a bear. Out of nowhere, Josh rode in front of the bear and screamed - driving the bear away. Josh declined food and payment - he had to get back to biking across the country for charity. If you're out there Josh, thank you.",
 u'Today you, tomorrow me',
 u'I personalized my peep hole on my door. ',
 u'Happy first day of Autumn, Reddit',
 u'George Carlin - "Its called the American Dream because you have to be asleep to believe it."',
 u'According to Facebook\u2019s privacy policy, messages on Facebook can not be deleted anymore. If you click on \u2018delete\u2019 the messages will only be invisible to you. US law enforcement agencies can access this information at there own liking, without judicial review.',
 u'"According to the RIAA, the Pirate Bay has stolen about 46 times more dollars than actually exist on Earth"',
 u'Christian conservative lawmaker, unaware of an open mic, talks about spanking his mistress, who happens to be a lobbyist 18 years his junior, and "dripping" out of her. Also describes her enough so the public can identify her. And also talks about a second mistress he\'s banging. Hilarity ensues.',
 u'"On November 21, 2010, I was allowed to enter the U.S. through an airport security checkpoint without being x-rayed or touched by a TSA officer.  This post explains how."',
 u'Cease and Desist, You Old Fart: Heart absolutely demolishes McCain [pic]',
 u"It's vital to pick TWO pro-SOPA congressional targets, one Dem and one Rep. Otherwise we can kiss credibility goodbye.",
 u'This is what I think every time I go though airport security...',
 u'Anyone else catch this? just now?',
 u'Banksy costume.',
 u'After instituting abstinence-only sex ed., Texas has the highest teen birth rate in the nation',
 u'My first encounter with peanut butter as an exchange student',
 u"reddit's official statement on prop 19 ads",
 u'Scientists and the public need to talk: The prosecution of six Italian geoscientists for failing to predict an earthquake reveals the gulf between experts and the public',
 u"It's Your Shitty Kid You Deal With It (Gay Marriage)",
 u'HELP reddit turned spanish and i cannot undo it!',
 u'Here /r/aww, a logo for you!',
 u'Carville to Obama: Fire your staff, Indict Wall Street, and Fight the GOP if you want to win reelection',
 u'Relationships are complicated...',
 u"Are you afraid? I have ZERO worry about terrorism affecting my life. However, I fear my government's actions daily.",
 u"Everytime I hear people complain about online gaming, I wish they could experience my pain of online gaming in the 90's..",
 u'15 year old Calvin and Hobbes strip with almost clairvoyance on how we got into our current financial crisis.',
 u'To the Redditor-hero who saved a girl from a group of thugs in Oakland, CA today - THANK YOU! I want to buy you a beer. ',
 u'Two Muslim men in traditional Muslim attire were removed from an airplane after other passengers said they were uncomfortable.  The men were on their way to a (get ready...) conference on prejudice against Muslims',
 u'How close to a train track can you set up a fruit and veg market? Wrong. Closer.',
 u"Two conservative commentators on MSNBC, after they're off the air, caught saying what they really think about the veep choice.",
 u'Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales: MPAA chairman Christopher Dodd should be fired',
 u'Soldier attempts to break into his own home after coming home on leave.  Police respond to reports of someone trying to break into the house.  Everything turns out better than expected!',
 u'How Many Of You Agree With This PostSecret Admission?',
 u"Remember when I said that netbooks aren't good at anything...",
 u'The Internet Sucks on April 1st. ',
 u'Julian Assange: "We support a cause that is no more radical a proposition than that the citizenry has a right to scrutinise the state. The state has asserted its authority by surveilling, monitoring and regimenting all of us, all the while hiding behind cloaks of security and opaqueness."',
 u'Fucking amazing - video of the recent meteor from Edmonton, Canada',
 u'"Well, fuck it, I don\'t care what you think. I\'m trying to do the right thing. I\'m tired of Republican-Democrat politics. They can take the job and shove it." -- Roy McDonald, Conservative Republican who voted to legalize gay marriage in New York. ',
 u"No Stephen Fry! Noooo! You don't know where that's been!",
 u'My husband is going to kill me for uploading this.. ',
 u'Twitter should shut down...because this tweet will never be topped.',
 u'Internet gate',
 u'Private prison charges $5 a minute for phone calls, pays prisoners $1 a day for work. The Corrections Corporation of America, the nation\u2019s largest private prison company, received $74 million of taxpayers\u2019 money to run immigration detention centers...',
 u'Obama Drops October Surprise Bomb at Al Smith Dinner! ',
 u"While waiting for Skyrim, this is what I've been doing in Oblivion. Tell me what you think Reddit!",
 u'[Message From Libya]TELL THE WORLD WHAT IS HAPPENING TO US!!!!!',
 u"The platypus: it lays eggs, lactates but has no nipples, hunts via electricity, and its venom has 80 different kinds of toxins. Anyone who would like to award the platypus the title of earth's greatest animal, please raise your hand. ",
 u'If you have a parrot and you don\'t teach it to say,"Help, they\'ve turned me into a parrot", you are wasting everybody\'s time.',
 u'Twitter account of a 9 year old',
 u"I'll tell you why movie revenue is dropping... -Roger \nEbert",
 u'The super in my hundred-year-old NYC office building found a safe in a storage room on the 12th floor today. They cracked it and this was what was inside ',
 u"It's Time to Break Up AT&amp;T, Verizon, Comcast, Time Warner and the Rest of the Telecoms. America is now 15th in the world in broadband. While Hong Kong and other countries are rolling out 1 gigabit speed services, America's average is a mere 5 mbps",
 u'I called my Japanese friend to make sure he was okay.',
 u'xkcd redesign: geocities commemorative edition',
 u'Anonymous exposes pedophile ring - hacks Lolita City - Tuesday, after hacking into Lolita City, a darknet website used by pedophiles to trade in child pornography, Anonymous released usernames and other information of 1,589 pedophiles trading in kiddie porn.']